Docs for experiments (#42)
IDinsight/experiments-engine: docs/getting-started/experiments/mabs/setting-up.md

# Setting up a Multi-Armed Bandit

Once you've logged in and chosen to create new experiment from the landing page (see [this guide](../../first-experiment/create.md)), here's how to set up your MAB.

## Fill out the experiment details

Enter the details for the experiment. Both `Experiment Name` field and `Description` are mandatory. Select `MAB` as the experiment type.

![Experiment Details](./images/first_mab.png)

Click on the `Next` button to proceed.

## Choose your prior and outcome type

> Choose the prior distribution and the corresponding outcome. We only support conjugate distributions, this means that the allowed prior-outcome combos are "Beta" / "Binary" and "Normal" / "Real-values"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose the prior distribution and the corresponding outcome. Currently, we only support conjugate distributions, this means that the allowed prior-outcome combos are "Beta" / "Binary" and "Normal" / "Real-valued"
```

![Prior-Outcome Configuration 1](./images/mab_prior_outcome.png)
![Prior-Outcome Configuration 2](./images/mab_prior_outcome_2.png)

Click on the `Next` button to proceed.

## Create experiment arms

Click on the `+ Add Arm` button to add arms to the experiment. You can add as many arms as you like but must have a minimum of 2 arms.

Enter details for each arm. The `Name` and `Description` fields are both mandatory.

> If you chose the Beta prior for the arms, the priors are defined through the `alpha` and `beta` parameters of the Beta distribution: the default values are `1` and `1` respectively. The higher the `alpha` value, the more certain the arm is of achieving "success", while the reverse is true for the `beta` parameter (1).{ .annotate }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you chose the Beta prior for the arms, the priors are defined through the `alpha` and `beta` parameters of the Beta distribution: the default values are `1` and `1` respectively. The higher the `alpha` value, the more certain your prior on the arm achieving "success", while the reverse is true for the `beta` parameter (1).{ .annotate }
```

Reviewer: The annotation does not show up
